Kashiyama Kogen and Kashiwa Sakura etc.
Maniwa, Okayama Prefecture, known for its magnificent natural beauty
One of the famous hot springs in the area is Misaku Sanyu
Yubara Onsen
Boast of Yubara hot spring height and the hot water of election
Frame while among them blown up the river bed of sand
Open-air bath Sunayu is
It is chosen as the Yokozuna of the west by the national open-air bath numbering
You can enjoy 3 baths with different temperatures
If you walk in the hot spring area
Including the long-established inn also became a movie of the model
We can enjoy cityscape full of taste
The whole town is wrapped in fantastic candlelight for Christmas and Valentine seasons and is popular
I'm calling
In addition, four hot spring resorts are dotted around Yubara hot spring.
Somehow including Yubara
That
Under Yuhara it has been loved called together Yuhara hot-spring village
Once you want When you also carry a foot wear and reputation of Yuhara hot spring big
Carefully in the house where full-scale hot spring gathers
Do you not enjoy the hot water tour